README.md, before:

# SignaturePadPCF
This project  is PCF control for Signature Pad and can be used in Power Apps forms.

# SignaturePad PCF Control

A custom **PowerApps Component Framework (PCF)** control for capturing digital signatures in **Dynamics 365** and **Power Apps**.

## 🚀 Features
- Draw and capture signatures using a **mouse, touch, or stylus**.
- **Save** and **clear** the signature with built-in buttons.
- **Resizable** via the PowerApps form designer.
- **Configurable width & height** through properties.

## ⚙ Prerequisites
Before setting up the control, ensure you have the following installed:
- [Node.js (LTS)](https://nodejs.org/)
- [Microsoft Power Platform CLI (PAC CLI)](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/power-platform/developer/cli/introduction)
- Power Apps environment with permissions to add custom components.
- Visual Studio Code (VS Code)
- .NET SDK (if using MSBuild)

## 🛠 Installation & Setup

### 1️⃣ Clone & Build the Project
```sh
git clone https://github.com/alibajwa013/SignaturePadPCF.git
cd SignaturePadPCF
npm install

Commit message:

Added recent change detail in readme file

README.md, after:

# Recent Changes
- As per latest update, It should be configured with Multiple Lines of Text field type rather than Single Line of Text type field.





# SignaturePadPCF
This project  is PCF control for Signature Pad and can be used in Power Apps forms.

# SignaturePad PCF Control

A custom **PowerApps Component Framework (PCF)** control for capturing digital signatures in **Dynamics 365** and **Power Apps**.

## 🚀 Features
- Draw and capture signatures using a **mouse, touch, or stylus**.
- **Save** and **clear** the signature with built-in buttons.
- **Resizable** via the PowerApps form designer.
- **Configurable width & height** through properties.

## ⚙ Prerequisites
Before setting up the control, ensure you have the following installed:
- [Node.js (LTS)](https://nodejs.org/)
- [Microsoft Power Platform CLI (PAC CLI)](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/power-platform/developer/cli/introduction)
- Power Apps environment with permissions to add custom components.
- Visual Studio Code (VS Code)
- .NET SDK (if using MSBuild)

## 🛠 Installation & Setup

### 1️⃣ Clone & Build the Project
```sh
git clone https://github.com/alibajwa013/SignaturePadPCF.git
cd SignaturePadPCF
npm install
